Active Learning for Rapid Targeted Synthesis of Compositionally Complex Alloys
This repository contains a collection of Jupyter notebooks that accompany our publication, "Active Learning for Rapid Targeted Synthesis of Compositionally Complex Alloys." The notebooks are designed to generate the plot figures included in the paper and demonstrate the active and transfer learning techniques applied in our study.

Repository Contents
Active Learning Examples:

RF_active_learn_example.ipynb: An example notebook demonstrating active learning using Random Forest.
GPR_active_learn_example.ipynb: An example notebook showing active learning with Gaussian Process Regression.
Transfer Learning Examples:

RF_transfer_learn_example.ipynb: A notebook illustrating transfer learning using Random Forest.
GPR_transfer_learn_example.ipynb: A notebook demonstrating transfer learning with Gaussian Process Regression.
Benchmark Example:

regression_benchmark.ipynb: A Jupyter notebook that provides a benchmark linear regression example for comparison.
Error Measurements: The Errors folder contains error measurements from each active/transfer learning model.

Generated Figures: A dedicated folder for all the figures generated by the notebooks.

Data:

Ti-Nb-V-Ta-Fe-Sb_sputtering_data_complete_clean.csv: The complete dataset of sputtering data used in this study.
ternary, quaternary, etc.: These files contain subsets of the full sputtering dataset, categorized by the number of elements in the alloys.
Installation
To run the notebooks, you'll need to set up your environment with the required dependencies.

Clone this repository to your local machine.
Ensure you have Python and pip installed on your system.
Install the required packages using the provided requirements.txt file:
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt

Note on modAL Package
Some users have reported issues with importing the modAL package. If you encounter an error stating that the package cannot be found, try altering the capitalization in the import statement from from modAL import ... to from modal import ... or vice versa.

Usage
Open the Jupyter notebooks using Jupyter Lab or Jupyter Notebook to view and run the code. Each notebook is self-contained and includes comments to guide you through the steps of the analysis.

Contributing
We welcome contributions and suggestions to improve the code and the analysis. Please feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests.

License
This project is open-sourced under the MIT license.